Add react sdk to client libraries (#1828)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: site/docs/v1/tech/client-libraries/index.adoc

---
layout: doc
title: Client Libraries and SDKs Overview
description: An overview of the FusionAuth Client Libraries and SDKs
navcategory: developer
---

:sectnumlevels: 0

== Overview

Client libraries and SDks will help you quickly integrate your application with FusionAuth. All of our client libraries are open source and hosted on our https://github.com/FusionAuth[GitHub account]. You can fork and tweak them as well as look over the code to learn how the client libraries work.

* <<SDKs vs Client Libraries>>
* <<Languages>>
* <<Usage Suggestions>>
* <<Versioning>>

== SDKs vs Client Libraries

> A **client library** is a thin wrapper over our FusionAuth APIs. It needs to cover all FusionAuth APIs. A client library is like a set of legos, to be put together by a developer who wants to extend or manipulate FusionAuth to meet their needs.

Reviewer: I might just say "At FusionAuth a client library..." just in case some opinionated people disagree with our usage

> A **client library** is a thin wrapper over our FusionAuth APIs. It needs to cover all FusionAuth APIs. A client library is like a set of legos, to be put together by a developer who wants to extend or manipulate FusionAuth to meet their needs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A **client library** is a thin wrapper over our FusionAuth APIs, and it provides complete coverage over all FusionAuth APIs. A client library is like a set of legos, to be put together by a developer who wants to extend or manipulate FusionAuth to meet their needs.
```

It can also be used to integrate with a custom application to offer login experiences that are different from those that are offered out of the box. If, in your app, you wanted to prompt someone for a username first, then do a lookup, then offer them a custom password field, then prompt them to enter their favorite color, use a client library to perform these complicated, custom operations.

An **SDK** is an opinionated set of higher level constructs. These focus on a subset of functionality. These are like an assembled lego set.

These let you quickly accomplish the common tasks and are often targeted at developers working on the front end: mobile/React/Vue/Angular/JavaScript developers. 

FusionAuth SDKs have:

* A button/function for logging in
* A button/function for logging out
* A button/function to register the user
* A filter/some way to examine roles and limit information displayed to a given role or set of roles
* A way to refresh a token without asking the user to reauthenticate.
* Secure access and refresh token storage

SDKs should require minimal customization to use.

> You can pair an SDK with a client library.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want both the easy solutions provided by an SDK and the fine-grained control provided by a client library, you can use an SDK and a client library in the same application.
```

== Languages

If we are missing a language, open a https://github.com/FusionAuth/fusionauth-issues/issues[GitHub Issue] as a Feature Request if you don't see it already listed as an open feature.

* link:/docs/v1/tech/client-libraries/dart[Dart]
* link:/docs/v1/tech/client-libraries/go[Go]
* link:/docs/v1/tech/client-libraries/java[Java]
* link:/docs/v1/tech/client-libraries/netcore[.NET Core]
* link:/docs/v1/tech/client-libraries/openapi[OpenAPI]
* link:/docs/v1/tech/client-libraries/php[PHP]
* link:/docs/v1/tech/client-libraries/python[Python]

> * link:/docs/v1/tech/client-libraries/react-sdk[React SDK]

Reviewer 2: Should we specify `Client Library` after the client libraries if we're going to put `SDK` after the SDKs?

Author: Good catch.
